# The Aetherian Monarchy
As established in the Constitution of the Aether Nation [Article 1, Section 1](https://github.com/AetherNation/constitution/blob/main/constitution.md), the Executive power of the government shall be vested in the head of state, the Aetherlord. Along with the Aetherlord, the Executive branch of government also consists of the Aetherlord's Cabinet, which is comprised of the Crown Prince/Princess/Princex of the Aether Nation, the Minister of Education, the Minister of Innovation, the Minister of Cybersecurity, and the Minister of Foreign Affairs.

## Powers of the Aetherlord
The primary responsibility of the Aetherlord is to sign legislation presented by the House of Elementals into law or veto it. The veto may be overridden by a two-thirds majority vote by the House of Elementals unless the proposed legislation is deemed unconstitutional by the Aether Sages. The Aetherlord also may appoint the members previously listed to their Cabinet. These powers are subject to change.

## Aether Nation Royal Family
The Aetherlord along with his/her/their close family members are recognized as the Aether Nation Royal Family. The spouse of the Aetherlord is recognized as the Aetherlord Consort. All individuals related to the Aetherlord, who are third cousins or closer, as recognized as members of the Aether Nation Royal Family. These individuals, however, may have their status revoked at the discretion of the Aetherlord. Similarly, relatives separated by a further degree may be given recognition as a member of the royal family, if seen fit by the Aetherlord. All relatives of the Aetherlord within the royal family are granted the title of Prince/Princess/Princex. All spouses of these individuals are recognized as a Prince/Princess/Princex Consort. A relative is defined as a blood relative or an adopted member of the family. Spouses do not count as relatives.

## Line of Succession
At the time of the death or abdication of an Aetherlord, the oldest child, biological or adopted, may choose to accept the throne. If the oldest child rejects the position of Aetherlord, the throne becomes available to the next child, in order of age. If no willing children of the Aetherlord accept the throne, the children of the oldest child, the Aetherlord's grandchildren, are given the opportunity. This pattern continues through the next oldest of the Aetherlord's children, through grandchildren, and so on. Should no suitable heir to the throne be found this way, the line of succession backtracks to the Aetherlord's siblings (if applicable) and repeats the pattern. This continues as many times as necessary, in order of degree of separation from low to high, until an heir is found.

## The Cabinet
The Aetherlord's Cabinet by default contains the Crown Prince/Princess/Princex of the Aether Nation. This individual's duty within the cabinet is to learn the ways of the Executive branch, and office of the Aetherlord for their future role as Aetherlord. Beyond this, the Aetherlord may appoint up to four ministers. The first minister, the Minister of Education, is responsible for the education system of the Aether Nation through the Ministry of Education. The second minister, the Minister of Innovation, is responsible for driving innovation within the Aether Nation, keeping the state technologically strong through the Ministry of Innovation. The third minister, the Minister of Cybersecurity, is responsible for protecting the state’s computer systems and networks from the theft and/or damage to hardware, software, or electronic data through the Ministry of Cybersecurity. The fourth and last minister, the Minister of Foreign Affairs, is responsible for diplomatic relations with other sovereign states through the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. All ministers are recognized as the head of their respective ministries.