# Executive Act of 26 January 12021

### _Establishing the Aether Nation as a Nomadic State_

## Abstract
Being tied to a very limited land area, inhospitable land area, or sometimes no land at all, the Aether Nation is hereby a nomadic state. Citizens of the Aether Nation are to live the majority of their lives outside of the state's land, with encouragement by the state to keep exploring, and not permanently settle. The state will, however, still maintain its current land claims, and is not excluded from expanding upon this in the future. The purpose of the state's land is to provide services for the Aether Nation's people, and other members of the human race.

## Clarification of Current Land Claims
As established in Article 2 Section 6 of the Constitution, the Aether Nation lays claim to Casius quadrangle, located in the north-central portion of the planet Mars’s eastern hemisphere covering an area of 60° to 120° east longitude and 30° to 65° north latitude. The establishment of the Aether Nation as a nomadic state does not void this claim and shall remain this way until any amendment to the constitution on the above-named section.

## Nomadic Nature Defined
Long ago, humans lived in a hunter-gatherer society, a type of nomadic living. The vast majority of human history took place like this. As agriculture began, humans were able to flourish by settling down and developing civilization centered around farming. This allowed our numbers to boom, gave rise to innovation, and eventually led to the world as we know it today. With current technologies, we believe that it is possible for humans to once again enter, at the very least, a seminomadic life. A nomadic life helps drive our creativity, allows us to see the wonderful things the world has to offer, experience different cultures, and learn more fully what it means to be human. For this reason, we believe that the people of the Aether Nation should adopt such a lifestyle. This does not mean giving up all material possessions and living in an indefinite state of travel. This means being open to change, exploring the world and beyond, and not letting anything permanently ground you to where you are.

## Functions of a Nomadic State
Being a nomadic state, it is the duty of the Aether Nation government to protect the rights of our people, no matter where they may be across the globe, or beyond. In times of need, the Aether Nation's people can look to the governing body for help. If in danger, they can look to it for protection. The people of the Aether Nation may also use any resources the state has to offer for them, such as education, from anywhere they may be.

## Future Land Usage
As our people move nomadically, they still need a place they can go to call home, or a station to rest at along their journey. The purpose of the Aether Nation's land is to be this place. If setting out on a long journey across the Earth, or in the far future a voyage deep into space, the Aether Nation aims to maintain safe places, areas where our people can stop if they need to.

## Future of Land Claims
The Aether Nation still reserves its right to form future land claims. As humans creep further and further into the universe, our desire to explore grows, and therefore we need more places to rest along our way. As humanity ventures deeper into the universe, we will follow, leaving places along the way where all of our people may go to be safe or rest, until the next part of their journey.

_This act of the executive branch of government is put into effect immediately, made official by the Aetherlord on this 26th day of January, Twelve Thousand Twenty-One._
